so last year's arrow 15x was one of the
best laptops he could get for content
creators it was a very powerful system
in a very small package and it's been
updated by gigabyte this year so it's
now running RTX hardware it's got the RT
X 27 T or the 28 Emacs q the 28 e the
one I have here is a solid 25 to 30%
better in graphical power compared to
last year's 1070 max Q so if you're
playing games you're gonna get
incredible performance out of the 28
Emacs Q now last year I was very lucky
to have access to a lot of the thin and
light gaming laptops including the Aero
15 and the thing I like the most about
this system was the fact that I had
excellent thermals there is something
about the way that they've built the
Aero 15 that allows a ton of air to go
through it the fans are loud but I don't
think that's the only thing right you
can crank the fans up on a lot of
systems these ones do get quite loud
when you max it out but the thermal
performance on this chassis is excellent
and that's actually the main reason why
I use this device more than a lot of the
other ones last year because it was just
such a good performer so having used
this for several months straight last
year I just have slightly more
experience with this device than some
other people that are doing reviews on
this thing I will say though that as
much as I liked the Aero 15 there are a
few things that I dislike about it the
first one being the keyboard this is a
keyboard that I mentioned in the review
as being quite difficult to get used to
and it is but even after using this
thing for several months I never got
really comfortable on it there's always
something about it that just felt kind
of off to me the layout is fine but
mechanically the keys feel a little
stiff and kind of flat to me and it's
also got this cramped fields of keyboard
I don't know what it is like visually it
looks fine but I can never type super
fast on it another thing I didn't love
about it were the fans so I just
mentioned how I loved how the thermo
forints was excellent but the fans to
get to that excellent thermal
performance we're super loud and this is
just you know manual control to bring it
up to that speed but I just wished that
somehow it was quieter at the top end
but it is quite loud and another thing
that bothered me were the speakers so
these speakers are quite poor they
package it with software to tweak around
with the sound but it's a very flat
sounding speaker and relatively quiet in
fact of all the thin and light
performance gaming laptops that
last year I would say that the arrow 15x
had had the worst speakers of the bunch
and obviously this is something that's
not going to affect everybody some
people don't care about the speakers at
all but if you do these aren't great
okay
the thing that bugs me the most about
the air 15x though was actually its
design aesthetic it's thin and light but
it's not a particularly good-looking
laptop to me and it's not that it's
super ugly it's just that there are
devices out there that have this kind of
price point and this kind of performance
they just look so much better and when
you're spending this kind of money for
some people like myself you just want it
to look a particular way you want it to
look good and when you have devices out
there that look like the razor blade
this just looks less attractive to me
and again this is only for people that
care about the design aesthetic of their
laptop because not everyone does I get
it okay
so there's other things that I really
like about this device and I'm gonna go
through those the first one is the
screen the panel on this particular unit
is a 4k panel and it's awesome like the
one I had last year was the 1080p screen
that looks really good already the 4k
panel looks amazing like if you're doing
video or photo work regularly I would
highly recommend this screen if you can
afford it
if you're playing games though I don't
like the look of the 4k panel it
compared to a 144 Hertz screen stuff
just looks a little choppy er so
depending on what you do you're gonna
have to choose between the screens
another thing I really like about this
device is the SD card reader so this one
on here is a UHS 2 compliant one it's
super fast so a regular SD card reader
will cap out like 85 maybe 90 megabytes
per second this thing's triple the speed
if you frequently offload footage from
an SD card for like video work or photo
work
this thing's nice there's also a good
selection of the other ports there's
three USB a s and two you species
there's one on each side and you also
have an Ethernet jack on the left which
is nice the AC adapters on the right and
it's a 230 watt a CE adapter it's a
standard looking unit the trackpad has
been improved that used to run eland
drivers is now a Microsoft certified
Windows precision touchpad which I like
and the in terms of this laptop are also
still easy to get into it's a bunch of
screws on the bottom and this is still
one of the very few thin and light
gaming laptops that supports two nvme
drives it also has a huge battery still
94 watt hours and on this unit with the
4k panel screen at 215 its I'm not
getting amazing battery life it's
five-and-a-half hours
but that's with a 4k panel I think with
the 1080p like 144 Hertz screen you're
gonna get significantly better battery
life last year I got around 7-7 a half
hours I believe on the regular 1080p
screen now this device the Aero 15 is
running this new feature that they're
calling AI integration with Microsoft
Azure and the way that they explain is
that this laptop can supposedly speak to
Microsoft as yours database to kind of
figure out what applications you're
using and then it'll adjust your CPU and
GPU usage depending on that application
and I tested this with what I'm assuming
as a relatively early version of this
software and when it came to gaming
regardless of the title like super light
titles are very demanding titles I was
getting the same frame rate but when it
came to premiere like Adobe Premiere
there is a noticeable difference but
it's slight so I guess my take on this
whole AI integration thing I don't like
the name of it I feel like by using the
AI in the title like it's almost
disrespectful to people that are
actually doing work in artificial
intelligence feels like that's some
serious stuff this to me is not AI I do
feel like there is a little bit of a
benefit like it's not making my render
slower it's not making my games run
slower but I don't know how beneficial
it is for most people now pricing on the
Aero 15 isn't cheap I've been told it's
gonna start at 2,400 bucks for the 2070
max-q model it's expensive but that's
kind of the president to pay for top of
line tools in professional content
creation
okay so the arrow 15 this year fantastic
hardware awesome hardware for gamers
awesome hardware for creatives that 4k
panel in particular is something special
I will say though that the thermal
performance on this thing just it
surprises me this thing's running an AI
928 Emacs Q and still just rock solid
performance with great temperatures okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs have you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]